
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               151893510500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 742153                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 684064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1215127                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   106.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1429141552                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    78878233                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     129147366                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.151894                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                151893510500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                          10868238                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                    78878233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     129147366                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     22410827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22410827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 13230.116498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13230.116498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 12230.116498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12230.116498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     21697082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        21697082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9442929500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9442929500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.031848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       713745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        713745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8729184500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8729184500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       713745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       713745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     10316598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10316598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21628.695836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21628.695836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20628.695836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20628.695836                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     10047207                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       10047207                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5826576000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5826576000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026112                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026112                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       269391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       269391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5557185000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5557185000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026112                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026112                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       269391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       269391                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     32727425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     32727425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15531.427493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15531.427493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14531.427493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14531.427493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     31744289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         31744289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15269505500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15269505500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       983136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         983136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14286369500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14286369500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       983136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       983136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     32727425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     32727425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15531.427493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15531.427493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14531.427493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14531.427493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     31744289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        31744289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15269505500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15269505500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.030040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       983136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        983136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14286369500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14286369500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       983136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       983136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 982112                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          553                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             33.288807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         66437986                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1023.217316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            983136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          66437986                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.217316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            32727425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            174500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       979576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            979576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    22410827                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                        103411                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    10316598                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        209620                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    104726132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    104726132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87096.692825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87096.692825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86096.692825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86096.692825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    104724348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       104724348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155380500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    155380500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153596500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153596500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    104726132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    104726132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87096.692825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87096.692825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86096.692825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86096.692825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    104724348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        104724348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155380500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    155380500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153596500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    153596500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    104726132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    104726132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87096.692825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87096.692825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 86096.692825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86096.692825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    104724348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       104724348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155380500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    155380500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1784                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153596500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    153596500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   1272                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          58702.988789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        209454048                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   504.141737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         209454048                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           504.141737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           104726132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         1272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              1272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   104726132                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        303787021                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               303787020.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             64196642                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            58760935                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      9964203                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   9671                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          9671                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                12733                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                6438                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       32962                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             129068458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    129068458                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           268967106                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          107920199                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    22410819                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      32727410                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   10316591                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 74869      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  96338142     74.60%     74.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       81      0.00%     74.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1647      0.00%     74.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     289      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                     480      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      618      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1021      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1434      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     983      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    392      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 22408407     17.35%     92.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                10314639      7.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2412      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1952      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  129147366                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    95                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1784                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1784                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 94418.095238                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94418.095238                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84418.095238                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84418.095238                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            209                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                209                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148708500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    148708500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.882848                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.882848                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1575                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1575                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132958500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132958500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.882848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882848                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1575                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1575                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        269391                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            269391                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91894.393080                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91894.393080                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81894.393080                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81894.393080                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            240837                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                240837                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2623952500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2623952500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.105995                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.105995                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data           28554                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               28554                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2338412500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2338412500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.105995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.105995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28554                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          28554                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data       713745                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        713745                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84163.562017                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84163.562017                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74163.562017                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74163.562017                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        711544                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            711544                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185244000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    185244000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003084                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.003084                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         2201                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            2201                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163234000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163234000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2201                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         2201                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         1272                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1272                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         1272                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1272                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       979576                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       979576                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       979576                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           979576                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             1784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data           983136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               984920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 94418.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91341.131523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91491.030003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84418.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81341.131523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81491.030003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               952381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   952590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148708500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2809196500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2957905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.882848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.031283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.032825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              30755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  32330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132958500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2501646500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2634605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.882848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.032825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         30755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             32330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            1784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          983136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              984920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 94418.095238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 91341.131523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91491.030003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84418.095238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81341.131523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81491.030003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              952381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  952590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148708500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2809196500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2957905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.882848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.031283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.032825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             30755                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 32330                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132958500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2501646500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2634605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.882848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.032825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            32330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                           1512                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          643                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        30204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     60.496127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 15778952                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      41.306803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst       745.511466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     25892.266255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.001261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.022751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.790169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.814181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.946777                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     32536                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  15778952                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 26679.084524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1968302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                 549                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       549                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    4619770.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                40648.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       549.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1575.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     30715.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     21898.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        13.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     13.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       663623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           663623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst            663623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data          12958552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              13622175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks         231320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst           663623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data         12958552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             13853495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks         231320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               231320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        16517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.124296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    85.811046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   190.622593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12874     77.94%     77.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2263     13.70%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          219      1.33%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          105      0.64%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           80      0.48%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           55      0.33%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          599      3.63%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.15%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          298      1.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        16517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                2066560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 2069120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   33664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                35136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       100800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        100800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         100800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data        1968320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            2069120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks        35136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           35136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1575                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        30755                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     43589.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     40445.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       100800                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1965760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 663622.821463462082                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 12941698.388095388189                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     68653756                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1243892251                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          549                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 5540288819.19                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        33664                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 221628.954977638758                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 3041618561737                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           31                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               70057                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                506                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           31                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data           30755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               32330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks          549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              2190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              2037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              2054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              2052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             2110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             2111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             2072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             2039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             2029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             2184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.152086126752                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1041.258065                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     95.515297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   4469.329666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           27     87.10%     87.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            3      9.68%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            1      3.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            31                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   32290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     32330                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 32330                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       32330                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    15903                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  161450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  151893430500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1312546007                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    707108507                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.967742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.936665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.048296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               16     51.61%     51.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      3.23%     54.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13     41.94%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      3.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            31                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      549                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  549                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        549                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                71.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     393                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            533926410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 57805440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      6495719430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            276.902834                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27695000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     638560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 132756309000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3622808500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     603611500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14244526500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             37558080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 30716730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1391426400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               115382400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1509555840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      31886916840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            42059743590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         150623600250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 736020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            553150800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 60147360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      6602960940                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            277.730238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     39545250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     650520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 132388916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3701000249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     633793247                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  14479735754                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             42384960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 31965285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1421181600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               115168200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1537829280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      31818622680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            42185420805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         150569417253                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2009700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        65929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        65929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  65929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2104256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2104256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2104256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35930804                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          174706993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             32330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   32330    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               32330                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1269                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         33599                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             28554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            28554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3776                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2948384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2953224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       195584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    125613568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              125809152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 151893510500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1965000000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2676000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1474704000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     35136                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           986432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.015758                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 986187     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    245      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             986432                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       983384                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          243                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1968304                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            243                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                            1512                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            715529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       980125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3499                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           269391                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          269391                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1784                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       713745                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
