
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                88593822500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 431871                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 706800                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   733288                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2501918700                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    15292643                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      25965962                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.088594                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 88593822500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           1745635                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                    15292643                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      25965962                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      8235923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8235923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89604.427994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89604.427994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88604.427994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88604.427994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data      7929554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7929554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27452019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27452019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       306369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        306369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27145650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27145650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       306369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       306369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      7774282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7774282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88166.631346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88166.631346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87166.631346                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87166.631346                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      7510040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7510040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23297327000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  23297327000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033989                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033989                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       264242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       264242                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23033085000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23033085000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033989                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033989                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       264242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       264242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     16010205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16010205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88938.604408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88938.604408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87938.604408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87938.604408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     15439594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         15439594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50749346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  50749346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       570611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         570611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50178735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50178735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       570611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       570611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     16010205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16010205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88938.604408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88938.604408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87938.604408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87938.604408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     15439594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        15439594                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50749346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  50749346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       570611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        570611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50178735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50178735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       570611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       570611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 569587                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             28.058003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         32591021                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1022.313806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            570611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          32591021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1022.313806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            16010205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            180500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       558568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            558568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     8235923                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                         36272                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     7774282                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          4155                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     22249969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22249969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 81046.439628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81046.439628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80046.439628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80046.439628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     22248031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        22248031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     22249969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     22249969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 81046.439628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81046.439628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80046.439628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80046.439628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     22248031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         22248031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     22249969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     22249969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 81046.439628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81046.439628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80046.439628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80046.439628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     22248031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        22248031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157068000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157068000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1938                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   1427                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          11480.892157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         44501876                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   505.076221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.986477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          44501876                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           505.076221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            22249969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         1427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              1427                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    22249969                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           265                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        177187645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               177187644.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6332299                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4261646                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1115266                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               10505722                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      10505722                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6354530                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             4219168                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       87960                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              25885848                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     25885848                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            66285876                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           12257714                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     8235890                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      16010168                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7774278                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18699      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9865999     38.00%     38.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       54      0.00%     38.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     37338      0.14%     38.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     897      0.00%     38.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     38.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                    1616      0.01%     38.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     38.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     38.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     38.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     38.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     38.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5650      0.02%     38.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     38.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     6708      0.03%     38.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     38.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11736      0.05%     38.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    6336      0.02%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    757      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   3      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     38.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  4042933     15.57%     53.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1495397      5.76%     59.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             4192957     16.15%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            6278881     24.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   25965962                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    66                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1938                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1938                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87098.198722                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87098.198722                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77098.198722                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77098.198722                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            217                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                217                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149896000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    149896000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.888029                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.888029                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1721                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1721                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132686000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132686000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.888029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1721                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1721                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        264242                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            264242                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85854.198282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85854.198282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75854.198282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75854.198282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data               658                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   658                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22629793000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   22629793000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997510                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997510                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          263584                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              263584                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19993953000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19993953000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       263584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         263584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data       306369                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        306369                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 88317.592973                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88317.592973                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78317.592973                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78317.592973                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data          4777                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              4777                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26635879500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  26635879500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.984408                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.984408                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data       301592                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          301592                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23619959500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23619959500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.984408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       301592                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       301592                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         1427                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1427                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         1427                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1427                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       558568                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       558568                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       558568                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           558568                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             1938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data           570611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               572549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87098.198722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87168.727087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87168.512975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77098.198722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77168.727087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77168.512975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                 5435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49265672500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      49415568500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.888029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.990475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.990128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data             565176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 566897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43613912500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43746598500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.888029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.990475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.990128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        565176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            566897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            1938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          570611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              572549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 87098.198722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87168.727087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87168.512975                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77098.198722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77168.727087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77168.512975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 217                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                5435                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49265672500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     49415568500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.888029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.990475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.990128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1721                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data            565176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                566897                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43613912500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43746598500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.888029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.990475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.990128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       565176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           566897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                         534428                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          867                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.016164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  9715676                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks       3.356391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        76.094265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     31059.029962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.002322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.947846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.950271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    567196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   9715676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31138.480618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1143560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              525502                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    525502                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      81100.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36356.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    525501.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1721.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    565113.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17606.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       409.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    409.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       379.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    379.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1243247                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1243247                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst           1243247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data         408282011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             409525258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks      379620870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst          1243247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data        408282011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            789146128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks      379620870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            379620870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       202878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    344.570274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   232.005653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   305.955389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47426     23.38%     23.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42916     21.15%     44.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53941     26.59%     71.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5633      2.78%     73.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        21297     10.50%     84.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1318      0.65%     85.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4267      2.10%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1209      0.60%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        24871     12.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       202878                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               36277376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                36281408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                33630016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             33632064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       110144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        110144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         110144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data       36171264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           36281408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks     33632064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        33632064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1721                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       565176                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36235.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     36353.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       110144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     36167232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1243246.954379917355                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 408236499.785298228264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     62360500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  20545974251                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       525501                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3812211.18                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33630016                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 379597753.556688427925                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2003320788514                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        30994                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState             1661419                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             495310                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        30995                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            1721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data          565176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              566897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks       525501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             525501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    81.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             35710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             35032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             34480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             34017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             33365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             37521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             37003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             36311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             35626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             35154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            34809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            34324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            33421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            37243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            36655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            36163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             33052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             32515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             31974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             31453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             30816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             34819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             34340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             33701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             33114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             32666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            32179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            31680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            30844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            34666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            34115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            33535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000802738500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.287917                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.993092                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    134.866315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        30989     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         30995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  566832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    566897                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                566897                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      566897                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 79.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   450154                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     63                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2834170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   88593807500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             20608334751                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   9980197251                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.953862                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.924598                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.997561                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            16160     52.14%     52.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              110      0.35%     52.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            14720     47.49%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         30994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  14725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  14834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  30979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  30997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  30995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  30995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  30996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  30995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  30995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  30997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  30996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  30996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  30995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  30995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  31001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  31003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  30996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  30995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   525501                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               525501                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     525501                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  439257                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           7448861460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                725845260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     24796597710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            543.436681                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    294212250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    2557620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  11898373750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4759650500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   14701616248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  54382349752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            463972320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                385769340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1827502560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2023754460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         6046213680.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       3049021860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            48145132860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          71040374002                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1371132180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           7418892000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                722796480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     24880628820                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            543.612743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    287096750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    2558660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  11864731500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4691582750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   14624491249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  54567260251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            458691360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                384145080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1801303680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2023440300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         6048672240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       3045213420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            48160730850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          71123193751                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1371810780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1667681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1667681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1667681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     69913472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     69913472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                69913472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3202876980                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3013969249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            566897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  566897    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              566897                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       533887                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1100784                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             303313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       525501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            263584                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           263584                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        303313                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5303                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1710809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1716112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       215360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     72267456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               72482816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  88593822500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1131776500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2907000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         855916500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  33632128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1106977                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                1106434     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    543      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            1106977                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       571014                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          540                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1143563                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            540                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                          534428                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            308307                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1084070                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1427                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           19945                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           264242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          264242                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       306369                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
