
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               200785726500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 724546                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 729964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1230104                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   152.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1315599893                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   110579424                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     187737321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.200786                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                200785726500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                           7776599                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                   110579424                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     187737321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     27137509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27137509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20009.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20009.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19009.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19009.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     27082009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        27082009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1110501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1110501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        55500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         55500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055001000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1055001000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      9597242                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      9597242                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34477.480428                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34477.480428                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33477.480428                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33477.480428                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      9531588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        9531588                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2263584500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2263584500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006841                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006841                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        65654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        65654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2197930500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2197930500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006841                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006841                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        65654                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     36734751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     36734751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27849.559239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27849.559239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26849.559239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26849.559239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     36613597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         36613597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3374085500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3374085500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       121154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         121154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3252931500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3252931500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       121154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       121154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     36734751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     36734751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27849.559239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27849.559239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26849.559239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26849.559239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     36613597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        36613597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3374085500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3374085500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       121154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        121154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3252931500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3252931500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       121154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       121154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 120130                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          667                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            303.207084                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         73590656                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1023.365921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            121154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          73590656                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.365921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            36734751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            174500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       102168                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            102168                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                    27137509                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1508                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     9597242                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           929                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst    159672111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    159672111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18744.307209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18744.307209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17744.307209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17744.307209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst    159602725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       159602725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1300592500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1300592500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        69386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         69386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1231206500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1231206500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst    159672111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    159672111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18744.307209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18744.307209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17744.307209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17744.307209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst    159602725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        159602725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1300592500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1300592500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        69386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          69386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1231206500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1231206500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst    159672111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    159672111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18744.307209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18744.307209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17744.307209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17744.307209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst    159602725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       159602725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1300592500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1300592500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        69386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         69386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1231206500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1231206500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  68874                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           2301.215101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        319413608                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   511.142419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.998325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             69386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         319413608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.142419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           159672111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks        68874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             68874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   159672111                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1463                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        401571453                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               401571452.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             54232435                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            45345418                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6805712                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               96307035                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      96307035                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            145839479                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            86555738                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      485460                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             114944838                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    114944838                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           235929636                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           83749168                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    26947469                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      36536532                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    9589063                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                956446      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  84508968     45.01%     45.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                  1071143      0.57%     46.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      4095      0.00%     46.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                14896101      7.93%     54.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     54.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                     544      0.00%     54.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     54.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     54.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     54.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     54.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     54.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    18362      0.01%     54.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     54.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                 14216088      7.57%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     61.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                  1105818      0.59%     62.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                 3935337      2.10%     64.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                      36      0.00%     64.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     64.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                  23724      0.01%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     64.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            11540282      6.15%     70.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp              639425      0.34%     70.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt             8692884      4.63%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              155668      0.08%     75.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            9306064      4.96%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt             129790      0.07%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 11391475      6.07%     86.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 3995513      2.13%     88.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead            15555994      8.29%     97.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5593550      2.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  187737321                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    82                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69386                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          69386                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 101356.603342                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101356.603342                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91356.603342                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91356.603342                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst          65017                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              65017                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442827000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    442827000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062967                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.062967                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             4369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399137000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    399137000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4369                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         4369                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         65654                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             65654                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81807.859599                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81807.859599                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71807.859599                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71807.859599                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             45882                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 45882                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1617505000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1617505000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.301155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.301155                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data           19772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               19772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1419785000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1419785000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.301155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          19772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55500                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         55500                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 111422.277099                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111422.277099                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 101422.277099                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101422.277099                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         51653                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             51653                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    428641500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    428641500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069315                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.069315                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data         3847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            3847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390171500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    390171500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3847                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         3847                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        68874                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        68874                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        68874                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            68874                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       102168                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       102168                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       102168                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           102168                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            69386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data           121154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               190540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 101356.603342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86631.377281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88930.023582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91356.603342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76631.377281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78930.023582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                65017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                97535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   162552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2046146500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2488973500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.062967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.194950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.146888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               4369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              23619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  27988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1809956500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2209093500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.146888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          4369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         23619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             27988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst           69386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          121154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              190540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 101356.603342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86631.377281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88930.023582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 91356.603342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76631.377281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78930.023582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst               65017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               97535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  162552                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2046146500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2488973500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.062967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.194950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.146888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              4369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             23619                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 27988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399137000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1809956500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2209093500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.194950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.146888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            27988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                            697                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        26954                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     13.560848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3064316                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst      3837.653034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     22478.237518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.117116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.685981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.803097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         27291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.832855                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     27988                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3064316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 26315.890553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      379541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks                 573                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       573                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    7030065.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                38125.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4369.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     23618.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     19375.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         8.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      8.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1392609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1392609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst           1392609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data           7528503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               8921112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks         182642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst          1392609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data          7528503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              9103755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks         182642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               182642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    417.581693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   243.418461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   392.607079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1113     25.47%     25.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1250     28.60%     54.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          285      6.52%     60.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          209      4.78%     65.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          152      3.48%     68.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          101      2.31%     71.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          106      2.43%     73.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          140      3.20%     76.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1014     23.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1791168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1791232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   35328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                36672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       279616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        279616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         279616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data        1511616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1791232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks        36672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           36672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4369                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        23619                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     50519.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     35830.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       279616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1511552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1392608.951214467874                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 7528184.529591050930                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    220719750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    846287500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          573                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 8020678291.45                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        35328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 175948.761975368805                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4595848661000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds           33                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               58810                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                521                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds           33                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            4369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data           23619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               27988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks          573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                573                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    84.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              2013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.255224606750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     847.515152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    112.285173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   3889.967000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           32     96.97%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21504-22527            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   27985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     27988                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 27988                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       27988                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 84.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    23745                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  139935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  200785711500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1067007250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    542251000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.727273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.700170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.977008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               21     63.64%     63.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12     36.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      573                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  573                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        573                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                72.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     416                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            399780330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 20277600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3781437000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            259.732468                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     96641500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     446160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 187336435750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4136138750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     477763500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   8292587000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             55137600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10766415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1588238400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               103108740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1054722240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy      45134227260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            52150572225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         199765117750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2724840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            242141700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 10981320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1231415460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            247.052888                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41771000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     148200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 196303554250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1189794000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     401939500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2700467750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             23386080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  5817735                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       456878400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                96718440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         350344800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy      47186853060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            49604693595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         200193581250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 156600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        56673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        56673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  56673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1827904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1827904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1827904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            31582500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          147914750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             27988                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   27988    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               27988                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          697                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         28685                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             19772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            19772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8216                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       207646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       362438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                570084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8848640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14292608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               23141248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 200785726500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          360814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         104079000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         181731000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     36672                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           191237                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000016                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.003961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 191234    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             191237                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       189004                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       379544                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                             697                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            124886                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       102741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        68874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           18086                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            65654                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           65654                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         69386                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        55500                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
