
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               13876486807500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 692933                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 693024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                  1105099                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  9674.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1434276832                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  6704063131                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10691721758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                 13.876487                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                13876486807500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.Branches                         724138647                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.committedInsts                  6704063131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                   10691721758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data   1863624269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1863624269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16100.030959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16100.030959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15100.030959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15100.030959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data   1720115773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      1720115773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2310491228500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2310491228500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.077005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data    143508496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     143508496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2166982732500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 2166982732500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.077005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data    143508496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total    143508496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data    430609899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    430609899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23736.311703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23736.311703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22736.311703                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22736.311703                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data    414618228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      414618228                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 379583287500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 379583287500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data     15991671                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     15991671                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 363591616500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 363591616500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037137                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037137                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data     15991671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15991671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data   2294234168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   2294234168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16865.653288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16865.653288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15865.653288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15865.653288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data   2134734001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       2134734001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2690074516000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2690074516000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.069522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data    159500167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      159500167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2530574349000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2530574349000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data    159500167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total    159500167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data   2294234168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   2294234168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16865.653288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16865.653288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15865.653288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15865.653288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data   2134734001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      2134734001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2690074516000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2690074516000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.069522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data    159500167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     159500167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 2530574349000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2530574349000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data    159500167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total    159500167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.replacements              159499143                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          818                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.383898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       4747968503                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1023.990165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         159500167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        4747968503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.990165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          2294234168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            174500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     90876928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          90876928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                  1863624269                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                       2252218                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                   430609899                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        110177                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst   9104119094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   9104119094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17321.929687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17321.929687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16321.929687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16321.929687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst   9104036065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      9104036065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1438222500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1438222500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        83029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         83029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1355193500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1355193500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        83029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst   9104119094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   9104119094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17321.929687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17321.929687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16321.929687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16321.929687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst   9104036065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       9104036065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1438222500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1438222500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        83029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          83029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1355193500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1355193500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        83029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst   9104119094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   9104119094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17321.929687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17321.929687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16321.929687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16321.929687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst   9104036065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      9104036065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1438222500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1438222500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        83029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         83029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1355193500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1355193500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        83029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.replacements                  82517                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          109649.870455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses      18208321217                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   511.632769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.999283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             83029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses       18208321217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           511.632769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          9104119094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks        82517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             82517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                  9104119094                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           172                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                      27752973615                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               27752973614.998001                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads           5249174926                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes          5636615557                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    706569503                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               59785119                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      59785119                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            125922870                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            57511675                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      240184                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           10612595386                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                  10612595386                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads         23225556558                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         9613417701                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                  1818282018                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                    2242201556                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  423919538                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass              22791469      0.21%      0.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                8250858219     77.17%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                139893883      1.31%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    279692      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    9487      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                     208      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                 10486782      0.10%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                  3428024      0.03%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   138878      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                20729845      0.19%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                  437760      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                 465703      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   6      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 158      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  19      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 69      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead               1817077485     17.00%     96.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               421654365      3.94%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             1204533      0.01%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2265173      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                10691721758                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   136                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        83029                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          83029                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 100137.948332                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100137.948332                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90137.948332                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90137.948332                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst          79042                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              79042                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399250000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    399250000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048019                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.048019                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3987                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             3987                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    359380000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    359380000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3987                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3987                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data      15991671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          15991671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89007.029559                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89007.029559                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79007.029559                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79007.029559                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data          14194332                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              14194332                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 159975805500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  159975805500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112392                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.112392                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data         1797339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1797339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 142002415500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 142002415500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1797339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1797339                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data    143508496                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     143508496                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85624.306330                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85624.306330                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75624.306330                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75624.306330                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data     138817504                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         138817504                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 401662936000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 401662936000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032688                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.032688                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data      4690992                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         4690992                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 354753016000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 354753016000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      4690992                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      4690992                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks        82516                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        82516                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks        82516                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            82516                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     90876928                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     90876928                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     90876928                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         90876928                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            83029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        159500167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            159583196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 100137.948332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86561.357844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86569.695369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90137.948332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76561.357844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76569.695369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                79042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data            153011836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                153090878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 561638741500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     562037991500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.048019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.040679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.040683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               3987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data            6488331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6492318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    359380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 496755431500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 497114811500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.040683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          3987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       6488331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6492318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst           83029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       159500167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           159583196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 100137.948332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86561.357844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86569.695369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 90137.948332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76561.357844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76569.695369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst               79042                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data           153011836                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               153090878                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 561638741500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    562037991500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.048019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.040679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.040683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              3987                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data           6488331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6492318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    359380000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 496755431500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 497114811500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.040683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      6488331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6492318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.replacements                        6463116                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          563                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3843                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        27952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     49.133398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               2559814708                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      14.888103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        47.100048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     32675.086268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.000454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.001437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.997164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6495884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                2559814708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32737.074419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   319164853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks             1787708                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1787708                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1675899.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35549.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1787707.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3987.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   6488305.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16799.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        29.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     29.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         8.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      8.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        18389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            18389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.inst             18389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::.cpu.data          29924951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              29943339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.writebacks        8245116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.inst            18389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::.cpu.data         29924951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             38188456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::.writebacks        8245116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              8245116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1930076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    274.557843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   213.476882                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   230.689756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       142772      7.40%      7.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1006422     52.14%     59.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       397486     20.59%     80.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       110857      5.74%     85.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        85476      4.43%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        52900      2.74%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        27546      1.43%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        20379      1.06%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        86238      4.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1930076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              415506688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               415508352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               114411712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            114413248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       255168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        255168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         255168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::.cpu.data      415253184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          415508352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::.writebacks    114413248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       114413248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3987                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      6488331                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     49267.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     35541.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       255168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data    415251520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 18388.516022808177                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 29924830.813485428691                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    196428520                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data 230602310135                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1787707                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 183909476.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    114411712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8245005.640632502735                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 328776259095237                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        99737                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState            16443886                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState            1694889                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        99737                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.inst            3987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::.cpu.data         6488331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6492318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::.writebacks      1787707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1787707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    76.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            409673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            407136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            403108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            404125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            404249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            404480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            404370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            405011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            405239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            404514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           404326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           404187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           404388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           406430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           410440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           410616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            112957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            110349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            109713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            111504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            111494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            111844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            111664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            111647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            111573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            111567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           111501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           111353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           111441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           111461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           113680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           113935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.023757570500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        99737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      65.093997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     32.004251                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    194.208180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        98673     98.93%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047         1054      1.06%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            9      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         99737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6492256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6492318                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6492318                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6492318                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  4774115                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                32461460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  13876486792500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            230798738655                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 109068263655                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        99737                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.923970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.919743                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.375789                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             3532      3.54%      3.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              526      0.53%      4.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            95672     95.92%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         99737                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  95680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  96204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  99690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  99733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  99738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  99738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  99738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  99738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  99738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  99737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  99742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  99737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  99745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  99742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  99740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  99776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  99737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  99739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1787707                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1787707                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1787707                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 1575776                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         173453141490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6867887460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy    2239638856890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            377.898265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18013661750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  219560900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 7288064789750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 1254615714205                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  184743012008                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 4911488729787                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          16090238880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3650364960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy    481771959840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             23148965280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         519041967600.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     1775568118920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           5243900284860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         13454169189742                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4651917840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         176156106000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6912912300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy    2248567693140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            378.858134                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18702340750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  221035880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 7243197979000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN 1273244380678                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  189237785741                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN 4931068441331                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          16365740640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3674273460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy    488925450720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             23205999600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         522528820320.000061                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     1766180836920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           5257219895670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         13447510317259                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4679787420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19443932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     19443932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19443932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    529921600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    529921600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               529921600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         21447900271                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        34494768845                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           6492318                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6492318    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             6492318                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6459296                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      12951614                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            4694979                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1787707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          4671589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1797339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1797339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       4694979                       # Transaction distribution
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       248575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    478499477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             478748052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10594944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  16024134080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total            16034729024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 13876486807500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       250541873000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         124543500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      239250250500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 114413312                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        166046312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000023                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.004798                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              166042490    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   3822      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          166046312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    159581660                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3819                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    319164856                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           3819                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6463116                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         143591525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     92664636                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        82517                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        73297623                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         15991671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        15991671                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         83029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq    143508496                       # Transaction distribution
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
